{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17840\viewh15480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Direction Update
\fs24 \

\b0 \

\b A little bit of a pivot. Switching to hashtags, exposing topics more, and putting more emphasis on content curation.\
\
Smarter hashtags. A hashtag on Limelight acts as a unique topic identifier. Limelight uses hashtags to organize what you're saying and things you like around topics. Basically the goal is to combine features from Twitter and Pinterest to provide the best online discussion and content discovery platform possible.
\b0 \
\

\b I think what we possibly lose with this update is the super super fine level of control over topics we currently have. However, I think by making topics a bit less specific we can make the overall experience much easier to understand, use, and market/brand.
\b0 \
\
If we move forward, I would suggest doing all of this iteratively - not all at once.\
\
Goals\
--------\
\
1. Reduce overall friction when using the site. People already understand hashtags, they are easier to use\
\
2. Make it easier / more seamless to connect posts to topics (hashtags)\
\
3. Increase the number of reasons to connect topics\
-- Adding topics increases the # of people the post is distributed to\
-- Adding topics keeps everything you're adding more organized (activity is organized around topics)\
\
4. Expose topics more\
-- at the top of my feed. hopefully users will click these topics at the top of their feed to get to the topic pages\
-- at the top of likes/activity feed. organize activity / likes feeds around topics\
-- show connected topics on topic feeds\
\
5. Combine well known mechanics, talking about things online (twitter), and curating things you like online (interest) in a different, more powerful way (talking about things online, connecting it all with specific topics, then automatically organizing everything around those topics - limelight).\
\
Hashtags (3 days)\
-------------\
\
1. Accept #hashtags in post boxes\
-- Allow blank reposts (basically a talk response without any text)\
-- If talk content is only hashtags, repost with blank content and just add mentions\
\
2. Update autocomplete for hashtags\
\
3. Update tutorial text\
\
4. Update feeds\
-- parse @ and # in text\
-- show latest reason it is there (usually a post/repost) ABOVE the root media\
-- show load more button below the single latest repost\
\
\
My Feed (1 day)\
------------\
\
1. Above feed, list of topics this user is following that are currently most active (trending basically)\
\
\
Activity/Likes Feed (2 days)\
-------------------------\
\
1. By default show latest activity/likes\
\
2. At top of feed show list of topics (horizontally?) in order of which topics this user is most active in\
-- if topic clicked, change url (for sharing) and update activity feed to only show activity/likes tagged with that topic\
\
3. Update tutorial text\
\
\
Topics (1/2 day)\
---------\
\
1. Show connections above feed\
\
2. Emphasize #hashtags\
\
\
MISC (1/2 day)\
-------\
\
1. Likes no longer distribute content}